this is strictly in 60 seconds your
Whistlestop tour of the nation's biggest
ballroom battle with Tina's chickenpox
putting her out of action this week only
12 couples took to the floor
they performed either a sensual rumba or
an energetic Quick Step
the competition was starting to get
serious and the judges were taking no
prisoners the beret spin turn that you
did in the center there was infant
Harlem it look more like you were just
walking than dancing there was some
surprising improvements she looked very
comfortable in this dance like you
coming to your own it did very very well
very well played
your terms have improved very much and
another stunning performance from Pamela
and James absolutely fab you despite all
the hard work it was once again time to
say goodbye to another strictly couple
as the competition heats up make sure
you don't miss out on any of the action
by staying right here at BBC Scott UK